CSCI 265
Progress Report
For the development of an Assignment Submission System









Overview
This report will indicate general progress made on the project to develop of the "Assignment Submission 
System" as requested by Peter Walsh, University-College Professor at Vancouver Island University.

Project Management
A tool called Trello was approved by the team to use for the management, brainstorming, and communication 
in the team.  Access to the tool is available at http://www.trello.com on request.
All code and documentation are stored at a repository at http://code.google.com.  SVN is the revision control 
system used.

Team Members
A selection was made from the available CSCI 265 students.  The following people were appointed to the team:
*	Matthew Cormons
*	Lochlin Duperron
*	Oliver Jourmel
*	Meara Kimball
*	Marius Loots
*	Evan Seabrook

Team Hierarchy
This team will work cooperatively on the project.  There will be no formal leader.  Should any one 
person's commitment to the team be questioned, proper documentation will result.

Decision Making Process
This team will make major structural decisions with a vote.
Majority wins. In the case of a tie, there will be a discussion, using the Conflict Resolution Methodology adopted, and a re-vote.  It is not expected that this team will experience a deadlock, but 
will reach consensus in most decisions.

Conflict Resolution
The "Interest-Based Relational Approach" to conflict resolution was adopting as the working theory.  A good 
discussion of the approach can be found at https://www.grad.ubc.ca/current-students/gps-graduate-
pathways-success/conflict-resolution.

Meetings
Formal Team meetings are held every Monday.  Intermediate meetings are scheduled on a need basis.  
Minutes are only kept for Formal Team Meetings.

Requirements Specifications
The system's design is in progress and the necessary documentation is being developed.  The following Module 
Interface Specifications have been submitted to the team for initial review:
*	Client Module
*	Password Generation and Verification Module
*	Submission Server
*	Reporting Module

Development on these modules will commence as soon as the team approves the documents.  This will also 
signal the start of the Test Plan development.

Road ahead
1.	Team verification of Requirements Specifications and Module Interface Specifications.
2.	Start development of Modules.
3.	Design and develop test plans and test benches.
4.	Code review on Module Implementations done by team.
5.	Run test benches.
6.	Adapt code if necessary.
7.	Develop System Test Procedures.
8.	Develop Module and User Guides.
9.	Final system review and signoff.

Current and foreseen issues
This team perceives our inexperience with Perl and C shell as a challenge.  We understand that this is a 
learning process and will be able to resolve this.
We recognize our other priorities to school, family, and work.  We acknowledge the time 
requirements that this project has.


CSCI 265
Progress Report - Assignment 1&2
October 17, 2012
							        


page 2 of 3

